README.md, before:

# jsontodart 

Demo : https://jsontodart.zariman.dev/

## How to use

### Method 1
1) Copy JSON
2) Open ```Command Pallete```, and find ```JsonToDart: Convert JSON from Clipboard```
3) Fill the box, select the option
4) Done

### Method 2
1) Copy JSON
2) Right click on folder or dart file
3) Click  ```Convert JSON from Clipboard Here```
4) Fill the box, select the option
6) Done

### More Configuration
To handle **null** value on generated model, you can define/change data type on pubspec.yaml

Example:
```yaml
jsonToDart:
  nullValueDataType: String #default: dynamic
```


## Sample
```json
{
    "data": {
        "id": 2,
        "email": "janet.weaver@reqres.in",
        "first_name": "Janet",
        "last_name": "Weaver",
        "avatar": "https://reqres.in/img/faces/2-image.jpg"
    },
    "support": {
        "url": "https://reqres.in/#support-heading",
        "text": "To keep ReqRes free, contributions towards server costs are appreciated!"
    }
}
```

Output:

```dart

class User {
    Data? data;
    Support? support;

    User({this.data, this.support});

    User.fromJson(Map<String, dynamic> json) {
        this.data = json["data"] == null ? null : Data.fromJson(json["data"]);
        this.support = json["support"] == null ? null : Support.fromJson(json["support"]);
    }

    Map<String, dynamic> toJson() {
        final Map<String, dynamic> data = new Map<String, dynamic>();
        if(this.data != null)
            data["data"] = this.data?.toJson();
        if(this.support != null)
            data["support"] = this.support?.toJson();
        return data;
    }
}

class Support {
    String? url;
    String? text;

    Support({this.url, this.text});

    Support.fromJson(Map<String, dynamic> json) {
        this.url = json["url"];
        this.text = json["text"];
    }

    Map<String, dynamic> toJson() {
        final Map<String, dynamic> data = new Map<String, dynamic>();
        data["url"] = this.url;
        data["text"] = this.text;
        return data;
    }
}

class Data {
    int? id;
    String? email;
    String? firstName;
    String? lastName;
    String? avatar;

    Data({this.id, this.email, this.firstName, this.lastName, this.avatar});

    Data.fromJson(Map<String, dynamic> json) {
        this.id = json["id"];
        this.email = json["email"];
        this.firstName = json["first_name"];
        this.lastName = json["last_name"];
        this.avatar = json["avatar"];
    }

    Map<String, dynamic> toJson() {
        final Map<String, dynamic> data = new Map<String, dynamic>();
        data["id"] = this.id;
        data["email"] = this.email;
        data["first_name"] = this.firstName;
        data["last_name"] = this.lastName;
        data["avatar"] = this.avatar;
        return data;
    }
}

```

## Customize
```yaml
jsonToDart:
  outputFolder: lib/models #default: lib/
  typeChecking: true  #default: undefined (Select from picker)
  nullValueDataType: String #default: dynamic
  nullSafety: true #default: false
  copyWithMethod: true #default: false
  mergeArrayApproach: false #default: true
```

Commit message:

number checker for int & double

README.md, after:

# jsontodart 

Demo : https://jsontodart.zariman.dev/

## How to use

### Method 1
1) Copy JSON
2) Open ```Command Pallete```, and find ```JsonToDart: Convert JSON from Clipboard```
3) Fill the box, select the option
4) Done

### Method 2
1) Copy JSON
2) Right click on folder or dart file
3) Click  ```Convert JSON from Clipboard Here```
4) Fill the box, select the option
6) Done

### More Configuration
To handle **null** value on generated model, you can define/change data type on pubspec.yaml

Example:
```yaml
jsonToDart:
  nullValueDataType: String #default: dynamic
```


## Sample
```json
{
    "data": {
        "id": 2,
        "email": "janet.weaver@reqres.in",
        "first_name": "Janet",
        "last_name": "Weaver",
        "avatar": "https://reqres.in/img/faces/2-image.jpg"
    },
    "support": {
        "url": "https://reqres.in/#support-heading",
        "text": "To keep ReqRes free, contributions towards server costs are appreciated!"
    }
}
```

Output:

```dart

class User {
    Data? data;
    Support? support;

    User({this.data, this.support});

    User.fromJson(Map<String, dynamic> json) {
        this.data = json["data"] == null ? null : Data.fromJson(json["data"]);
        this.support = json["support"] == null ? null : Support.fromJson(json["support"]);
    }

    Map<String, dynamic> toJson() {
        final Map<String, dynamic> data = new Map<String, dynamic>();
        if(this.data != null)
            data["data"] = this.data?.toJson();
        if(this.support != null)
            data["support"] = this.support?.toJson();
        return data;
    }
}

class Support {
    String? url;
    String? text;

    Support({this.url, this.text});

    Support.fromJson(Map<String, dynamic> json) {
        this.url = json["url"];
        this.text = json["text"];
    }

    Map<String, dynamic> toJson() {
        final Map<String, dynamic> data = new Map<String, dynamic>();
        data["url"] = this.url;
        data["text"] = this.text;
        return data;
    }
}

class Data {
    int? id;
    String? email;
    String? firstName;
    String? lastName;
    String? avatar;

    Data({this.id, this.email, this.firstName, this.lastName, this.avatar});

    Data.fromJson(Map<String, dynamic> json) {
        this.id = json["id"];
        this.email = json["email"];
        this.firstName = json["first_name"];
        this.lastName = json["last_name"];
        this.avatar = json["avatar"];
    }

    Map<String, dynamic> toJson() {
        final Map<String, dynamic> data = new Map<String, dynamic>();
        data["id"] = this.id;
        data["email"] = this.email;
        data["first_name"] = this.firstName;
        data["last_name"] = this.lastName;
        data["avatar"] = this.avatar;
        return data;
    }
}

```

## Customize
```yaml
jsonToDart:
  outputFolder: lib/models #default: lib/
  typeChecking: true  #default: undefined (Select from picker)
  nullValueDataType: String #default: dynamic
  nullSafety: false #default: true
  copyWithMethod: true #default: false
  mergeArrayApproach: false #default: true
  
   #default: false, 
   #if true, value = (json[key] as num).toInt() or value = (_data[key] as num).toDouble()
   #if false, value = json[key]
   #if "ask", selection popup will apear before parse json
  checkNumberAsNum: true # true, false, "ask"
```
